# Stellar-analysis
This code is a pipeline tool aimed to study stellar parameters using asteroseismology. This pipeline was devopleped in 2024 as a part of master's thesis. 

The code is written to be easy to read rather than being aimed for eciency. Throughout the functions, I have also left comments describing each method very briefly aswell as guided with the input values.
As an input, the pipeline will need the data files in one folder. They are assumed to be '.dat' files, but that can be changed in the 4th block. The method of reading also assumes the data to always be in the same format of data frame namely the two first columns being time and flux. In the first cell, the pipeline needs also the planetary periods as an array. If they are given in alphabetical order starting from b, the code will also correctly print the transit depths. The third input values is the effective temperature. It is used to calculate the stellar parameters.

During the run, the pipeline doesn't pass on all of the information forward. The most relevant output is $\Delta \nu$ and $\nu_{max}$ and the error bars but sometimes it might be useful to collect some other arrays or variables such as the transit curves or power spectrum for later use. In the respective cells, there is a method to write out a text file from these data frames. In the beginning of the pipeline in cell 1, there is an option to choose which output files the user wants during the run. If also given the KIC-number, that will be used to name the files. The user may choose if they want to save out of the following: Transit, Powerspectrum, PSsmoothed, MFR or Output. Here the last one is the stellar parameters calculated.
